test100(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test103(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test106(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test107(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test108(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test114(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test117(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test119(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test120(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test121(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test127(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test129(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test133(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test134(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test135(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test14(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test17(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test19(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test20(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test22(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test29(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test35(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test36(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test38(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test41(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test46(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test51(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test53(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test59(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test60(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test61(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test65(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test72(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test84(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test86(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test87(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test88(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test97(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test99(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
false
