test100(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test102(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test105(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test108(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test110(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test113(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test116(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test119(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test121(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test122(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test124(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test126(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test131(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test132(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test134(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test140(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test14(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test23(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test25(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test34(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test37(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test42(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test43(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test45(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test46(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test62(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test70(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test71(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test78(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test81(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test82(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test88(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test89(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test91(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test99(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
test6(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test9(JUnitBankAccount): Balance is not correct
false
