test100(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test106(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test107(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test124(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test126(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test129(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test131(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test133(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test11(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test14(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test23(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test46(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test47(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test50(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test52(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test53(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test70(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test75(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test78(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test79(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test81(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test91(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test95(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test1(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test4(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test6(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
false
