test100(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test106(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test107(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test111(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test112(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test113(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test119(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test124(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test125(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test126(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test129(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test131(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test133(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test11(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test14(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test22(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test23(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test24(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test30(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test40(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test43(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test46(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test47(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test50(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test52(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test53(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test67(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test68(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test70(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test74(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test75(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test78(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test79(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test81(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test89(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test91(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test92(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test95(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test1(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test4(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test6(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test7(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test9(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
false
