test102(JUnitStackQueue): null
test105(JUnitStackQueue): null
test106(JUnitStackQueue): null
test120(JUnitStackQueue): null
test127(JUnitStackQueue): null
test128(JUnitStackQueue): null
test131(JUnitStackQueue): null
test136(JUnitStackQueue): null
test137(JUnitStackQueue): null
test29(JUnitStackQueue): null
test39(JUnitStackQueue): null
test42(JUnitStackQueue): null
test49(JUnitStackQueue): null
test53(JUnitStackQueue): null
test55(JUnitStackQueue): null
test65(JUnitStackQueue): null
test68(JUnitStackQueue): null
test73(JUnitStackQueue): null
test74(JUnitStackQueue): null
test75(JUnitStackQueue): null
test89(JUnitStackQueue): null
test1(JUnitStackQueue): null
test8(JUnitStackQueue): null
false
