test105(JUnitStackQueue): null
test106(JUnitStackQueue): null
test112(JUnitStackQueue): null
test114(JUnitStackQueue): null
test117(JUnitStackQueue): null
test119(JUnitStackQueue): null
test120(JUnitStackQueue): null
test122(JUnitStackQueue): null
test124(JUnitStackQueue): null
test128(JUnitStackQueue): null
test129(JUnitStackQueue): null
test131(JUnitStackQueue): null
test135(JUnitStackQueue): null
test136(JUnitStackQueue): null
test137(JUnitStackQueue): null
test139(JUnitStackQueue): null
test146(JUnitStackQueue): null
test149(JUnitStackQueue): null
test10(JUnitStackQueue): null
test12(JUnitStackQueue): null
test14(JUnitStackQueue): null
test29(JUnitStackQueue): null
test33(JUnitStackQueue): null
test36(JUnitStackQueue): null
test39(JUnitStackQueue): null
test43(JUnitStackQueue): null
test46(JUnitStackQueue): null
test49(JUnitStackQueue): null
test53(JUnitStackQueue): null
test55(JUnitStackQueue): null
test56(JUnitStackQueue): null
test65(JUnitStackQueue): null
test68(JUnitStackQueue): null
test69(JUnitStackQueue): null
test75(JUnitStackQueue): null
test76(JUnitStackQueue): null
test86(JUnitStackQueue): null
test87(JUnitStackQueue): null
test88(JUnitStackQueue): null
test89(JUnitStackQueue): null
test91(JUnitStackQueue): null
test1(JUnitStackQueue): null
test3(JUnitStackQueue): null
test5(JUnitStackQueue): null
test8(JUnitStackQueue): null
false
