test100(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test103(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test106(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test107(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test108(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test114(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test117(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test119(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test120(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test121(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test124(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test126(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test127(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test129(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test131(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test133(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test134(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test135(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test11(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test14(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test15(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test17(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test19(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test20(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test22(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test23(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test24(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test29(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test35(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test36(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test38(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test40(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test41(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test46(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test47(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test50(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test51(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test52(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test53(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test59(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test60(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test61(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test65(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test67(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test70(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test72(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test75(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test78(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test79(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test81(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test84(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test86(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test87(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test88(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test91(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test95(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test97(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test99(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test1(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test4(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test6(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
false
