test102(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test104(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test105(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test122(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test123(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test128(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test130(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test136(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test137(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test139(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test12(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test13(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test16(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test18(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test27(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test31(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test32(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test37(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test39(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test45(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test48(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test49(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test54(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test63(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test64(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test69(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test71(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test76(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test77(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test80(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test93(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test94(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
test98(JUnitBankAccount): PreviousTransaction is not correct
false
