test101(JUnitStackQueue): null
test103(JUnitStackQueue): null
test109(JUnitStackQueue): null
test115(JUnitStackQueue): null
test118(JUnitStackQueue): null
test138(JUnitStackQueue): null
test140(JUnitStackQueue): null
test141(JUnitStackQueue): null
test142(JUnitStackQueue): null
test148(JUnitStackQueue): null
test18(JUnitStackQueue): null
test25(JUnitStackQueue): null
test31(JUnitStackQueue): null
test35(JUnitStackQueue): null
test47(JUnitStackQueue): null
test50(JUnitStackQueue): null
test51(JUnitStackQueue): null
test57(JUnitStackQueue): null
test77(JUnitStackQueue): null
test81(JUnitStackQueue): null
test85(JUnitStackQueue): null
test90(JUnitStackQueue): null
test93(JUnitStackQueue): null
test(JUnitStackQueue): null
test4(JUnitStackQueue): null
test7(JUnitStackQueue): null
false
