test101(JUnitStackQueue): null
test103(JUnitStackQueue): null
test109(JUnitStackQueue): null
test112(JUnitStackQueue): null
test114(JUnitStackQueue): null
test115(JUnitStackQueue): null
test117(JUnitStackQueue): null
test118(JUnitStackQueue): null
test119(JUnitStackQueue): null
test122(JUnitStackQueue): null
test124(JUnitStackQueue): null
test129(JUnitStackQueue): null
test135(JUnitStackQueue): null
test138(JUnitStackQueue): null
test139(JUnitStackQueue): null
test140(JUnitStackQueue): null
test141(JUnitStackQueue): null
test142(JUnitStackQueue): null
test146(JUnitStackQueue): null
test148(JUnitStackQueue): null
test149(JUnitStackQueue): null
test10(JUnitStackQueue): null
test12(JUnitStackQueue): null
test14(JUnitStackQueue): null
test18(JUnitStackQueue): null
test25(JUnitStackQueue): null
test31(JUnitStackQueue): null
test33(JUnitStackQueue): null
test35(JUnitStackQueue): null
test36(JUnitStackQueue): null
test43(JUnitStackQueue): null
test46(JUnitStackQueue): null
test47(JUnitStackQueue): null
test50(JUnitStackQueue): null
test51(JUnitStackQueue): null
test56(JUnitStackQueue): null
test57(JUnitStackQueue): null
test69(JUnitStackQueue): null
test76(JUnitStackQueue): null
test77(JUnitStackQueue): null
test81(JUnitStackQueue): null
test85(JUnitStackQueue): null
test86(JUnitStackQueue): null
test87(JUnitStackQueue): null
test88(JUnitStackQueue): null
test90(JUnitStackQueue): null
test91(JUnitStackQueue): null
test93(JUnitStackQueue): null
test(JUnitStackQueue): null
test3(JUnitStackQueue): null
test4(JUnitStackQueue): null
test5(JUnitStackQueue): null
test7(JUnitStackQueue): null
false
